ok everybody is the third time i'm
making this video um hi to me Nathan I'm
just gonna go through real quick so I'll
just recently started doing twists and
not really recently but started recently
doing them well they look really nice
I'm just gonna spit out a quick and show
you what it looks like this is I'm my
third day wearing twist so it's going to
look kind of crazy right dropping stuff
yeah it looks it looks ok i'm not the
best twister in world I started this
twist on Sunday and today's Wednesday so
when wearing a four by four days I'm
trying to keep it this regimen for like
a week and then take it out of where its
twist out i usually wear twist for like
a day or two them and i make a twist out
because it looks kind of raggedy like
it's looking real bad right now but i
don't know i'm just trying to keep it
for as long as possible but my biggest
thing is what do you guys do to make
your twist look nice and keep them
lasting for a long time just like like
it just it just looks it's really frizzy
at the ends and I don't know what stuff
to buy to not make it look like that
when I'm go to sleep yeah I use a set
and Kat because I've seen lots us so
talk about it so it's pretty funny hey
I'm secured who I am it's not care slow
yeah I swear that you want to sleep but
for some reason it just looks really
crazy like I don't know what I'm doing
but some of the profit I use when I'm
twisting is like I do twist my dryer
because like I'm going to do it on wet
hair then it just shrinks it up when i
take the twist and then just it doesn't
look really don't have to twist out but
it is the cancer shea butter and I don't
want to leave that they like swear that
this is like the best stuff and I would
like it and it's not really nice panties
care free curl which pretty awesome and
I just spritz it on my hair before I go
like when I take that off and i also use
the motions nourished leave in
conditioner that's good just spray that
on and just another product but this
right here is whether you like but
garnier fructis curl shaping spray spray
gel I like it because I can tell that
when i use it like the ends kind of
scrunch together it actually forms a
girl like I don't have these great curls
like everybody else I've seen in eyes
other videos another thing I want to say
to you it's like when I twist I hold the
hair down and then I twist and I
twisting I choice auditing Anna let go
but for some reason my twist will lay
down straight and I've seen people to
have shorter hair than me and it like
blaze and their legs down and it's going
to know why I don't mind lay down what
am i doing wrong look when I do it it
just sticks up this it'd be nice if we
could lay down um if anybody has any
tips or anything like that I just let me
know feel free to drop line I know my
voice is high I don't why I was always
been like that I'm a music major so I'm
blue tanner I have a high voice for the
rest of my life but that's all I use
lemon shower and stuff like detangling
homes of course and I always to table
before I am what is it called before I
start twisting and that's basically it
that's my regimen not much to it like
when I shower I use like on char cats
just put that on in and that's about it
but I just want to know what do you guys
use for your hair again where does some
of the stuff that you do and may I can
watch more videos new videos so just
leave a message and give me your advice
okay and
he goes late